[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: In my last
conversation with Cort Lindahl,
we looked at the great
octagonal structures
of the world and their
interconnectedness
with one another, and the
greater bloodline connections.
Today we move the story westward
to Nova Scotia and the United
States, where we go into a much
deeper aspect of the story.
And with recognizable players.
Some people, if they
weren't history buffs,
in the last conversation
had to keep pausing
and go to Wikipedia
at least to figure out
who we were talking about.
>>CORT LINDAHL: That's true.
I have to do that sometimes too.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I did too when I was
researching this.
So OK, first of all, I
want to backtrack a little.
We ended up talking
about the women weavers.
The Mera-- meravinginian-- I
always trip up on that word.
>>LINDAHL: Merovingians.
>>REGINA: Merovingians.
And then the
knowledge then passed
through to Theodora, Sophia.
And now we're going to
take the story further
of the women, of the lineage
of women in these practices,
to a little more modern time
and go to Mary Queen of Scots
and her mother, who
is lesser known to us.
But first, you
say we need to lay
the foundation with Frederick--
>>LINDAHL: Frederick II, right.
The holy Roman emperor.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>LINDAHL: He was
an amazing person.
He was a very intelligent man
who was aware of astronomy.
And he was schooled in all of
the liberal arts of the time.
His magi was none other than
Michael Scott, who many people
associate with Merlin.
And Michael Scott wrote a
book about spherical geometry
in the 13th century.
So to assume that people
during that era weren't
able to do what I'm
saying is just crazy
given these kinds of gs.
So Frederick the Great was
descendant of Charlemagne.
And he was initiated into
the mysteries of Charlemagne.
And he was one of the
Roman emperors, Holy Roman
Emperors that opened
Charlemagne's vault for reasons
unknown.
But I believe that Charlemagne
left a mystery behind
that he responded to.
And he even built the
golden sarcophagus
that Charlemagne's stone
sarcophagus is inside of now.
So him, and previously
Frederick Barbarossa,
both quested for whatever
Charlemagne left behind.
>>REGINA: And that was knocked
on from Constantine and on.
And again, all of them contained
an ancient understanding
of geometry that laid
claim and defined
land, that worked with the
cosmos, we shall assume.
And brought also
greater mysteries
of understanding with
it in the esoteric
sciences that were
passed on, right?
>>LINDAHL: Certainly.
>>REGINA: So here
we come to him.
>>LINDAHL: Sure, later I termed
that Templars using templates
to create templum to
control the temporal fabric.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LINDAHL: So that's
exactly what the earlier
people were doing as well.
And Frederick II was no
exception to the rule.
>>REGINA: Is it assumed
he was a Templar as well?
>>LINDAHL: No, actually, he
had an adversarial relationship
with the Knights Templar.
>>REGINA: Oh, OK.
Let's talk about that just for
a sec before going to the women.
>>LINDAHL: Sure.
He was the leader of one of
the invasions of Jerusalem.
And he displeased the Templars
because he, via diplomacy,
was able to get Jerusalem back,
rather than by military force.
So the Templars were
dissatisfied with him
because of that, and
other things he did.
He operated beyond the
bounds of the church.
The Pope called him
the anti-christ.
And he was excommunicated and
reaccepted into the church
several times.
So he was a really intelligent
person who surrounded himself
with intelligent people,
like Michael Scott, as I
was referring to before him.
He built two
octagonal structures.
One of them is the tower at
Monte Sant'Angelo, which is
basically a shrine to the
cult of Saint Michael.
>>REGINA: And this
is located where?
>>LINDAHL: In
Southern West Italy.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>LINDAHL: Kind
of Southern Italy.
Frederick II was the King
of Naples and Sicily.
So basically, that's the
southern part of Italy
that the Vatican or the Lombards
or any of the other families
didn't control at that time.
So he had his own
domain in Sicily.
Here's another one.
He emulated Charlemagne.
All of his-- he had a harem,
which is a Muslim attribute.
He valued the knowledge
and the geometry
and mathematics, astronomy,
astrology, and all that.
>>REGINA: Of the Eastern world.
>>LINDAHL: And that's why
had Michael Scott with him,
and others too.
Michael Scott
wasn't the only one.
But I believe Michael Scott
assisted him in these two
octagons that he built-- Monte
Sant'Angelo, and then Castel
del Monte, which is a really
interesting and elaborate
octagonal structure, where
each corner of it has another
octagonal turret on each corner.
>>REGINA: Powerful.
>>LINDAHL: Yes, and that
points to Oak Island.
And the other tower he built
at the Shrine of Saint Michael
points to the
International Peace Garden.
So I think what he's doing
is showing his knowledge
all the way back to
Vespasian and Titus
that Charlemagne also knew.
And also the Tower of Monte
Sant'Angelo points directly
to the Tower of the
Winds in Athens,
the octagonal shape of it.
So in some of these, he's
covering more than one spot,
or a couple of spots.
So what this leads
me to believe,
and not just the
fact that he built
the towers, but other things
he did during his reign,
that he may have been the first
one to come to North America.
Not personally, but I
think he sent people
to claim based on the earlier
legends of like Saint Brendan,
or other explore--
or Viking explorers.
I mean, we know at
L'Anse aux Meadows
in Newfoundland was
there at 1,000 AD.
So after that, the
doors opened really.
Even though people still have
trouble believing that people
came before Columbus.
We know they were here.
So this information could have
easily got to Frederick II
because he was of
Norman descent.
And we know the Viking culture
had a huge influence on that,
as well as Charlemagne.
So he's related to
both these cultures
that value the directional
attributes of buildings
in this manner, and
the family groups.
>>REGINA: And so
he contributed--
>>LINDAHL: Certainly.
>>REGINA: --to his own
structures to this.
>>LINDAHL: And
really, we're going
to see his family
members even claim
these areas later
in North America
under the auspices of England.
Because we know the Hanoverian
English Royalty was German.
And they all had a direct
line back to Frederick.
And that's one of
the things that
compels me to believe
that he made an effort
to claim North America.
And that he possibly did it
from these places of mystery
that we all know about
on the East Coast.
>>REGINA: OK, so we'll pick
it up from Frederick II,
because I would like to run
the woman's side of the story
alongside this story that
we've already opened.
>>LINDAHL: OK.
>>REGINA: And so
we're going to go
back from Frederick II to the
mother of Mary Queen of Scots,
right?
And her name was Marie de
Guise, or Marie of Guise,
as you like to say.
And let's talk
about who she was,
what her unique contribution
was on the planet, and then
go into her daughter.
>>LINDAHL: Well, these two
were descendant of Frederick II
also.
This is the 16th century by now,
so it's about 350 years later.
But they have Stuart.
And Frederick II was also
married to Eleanor of England.
So his wife was even English.
So there's lots of connections
there, traditionally,
between these German
factions and the English.
And we get to this point
in the mid-16th century
where Marie of Guise is trained
at the Saint Clare Monastery
in weaving.
>>REGINA: Saint Clair is a
critical name in all this too.
>>LINDAHL: Right.
And that could definitely
relate, or actually does
relate, to the
real Saint Clares.
And she trains her daughter,
Mary Queen of Scots,
in the same arts.
And there's actually a
really interesting tapestry
by Mary Queen of
Scots that has lots
of esoteric and
hidden things in it.
But most of all, there's an
octagon with a sun face in it
very similar to the
Cross of Hendaye.
And it has a smaller
octagon with the AVM
auspice of Maria
symbol, but including
the hook on the X portion of it
like we see on the Kensington
Runestone that most
people would know
about that through the
work of Scott Wolter.
So everything that
Mary Queen of Scots did
can inform one that she
knew of the mysteries
and she was aware of
what Theodora had done,
and that the-- I hate to
use the word cult-- but cult
of Mary Magdalene, culture
of Mary Magdalene, that
had been hidden.
>>REGINA: So these
were the learned women
to complement the
learned men that we've
been speaking about with
the same knowledge base.
>>LINDAHL: Certainly.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LINDAHL: And this even came
through the Cathars, I believe.
Because they're known as
weavers also and share-- as well
as the Arians did, a lot of
these gnostic alternative
Christian concepts to what
the Latin church believes.
So in response to that,
I mean, you see this
all through history, alternative
Christian sects forming mystery
schools in order to survive.
To keep it secret.
And I believe some
of the embroidery
and weaving was used
to do precisely that.
>>REGINA: And you know, I
have thought about this.
Perhaps not just to keep it
secret, but to keep it intact.
>>LINDAHL: Certainly, yes.
>>REGINA: If you take
information and then start just
distributing it every
which way, so it
grows looking this way
here and that way there,
you don't have any actual
pure knowledge anymore.
>>LINDAHL: I agree.
>>REGINA: And so that,
again, can be misconstrued
to using it in a secretive
manner for control
over those who don't know.
Or you can look at it as a
lineage of knowledge, which
is to keep it as pure as it
can be so it can continue to be
passed on and not misinterpret.
>>LINDAHL: Certainly, and
with regard to that, too,
you see kind of a
course of initiation--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LINDAHL: --that these
individuals are brought for.
I see that in Thomas
Jefferson, who
we're going to talk about later
going through a similar thing.
Benjamin Franklin, some of
the other first families
of America.
And obviously, we see
this with Mary Queen
of Scots being sent to learn
at the nunnery how to weave
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LINDAHL: It just seems awful
coincidental that Theodora
started these groups of
nuns that were weavers,
and then we see these powerful
people later hiding things,
doing the same kind of activity.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
OK.
I just wanted to get that out.
Now, because again, this
is a very hard story
to put chronologically, or
even in a linear context,
because it's going back and
forth in time and space.
But would this be
an appropriate time
to bring up Saint James
and the Jacobites,
or should we bring
that in later?
>>LINDAHL: Yeah.
Let me-- just another comment
about Mary Queen of Scots,
that she is kind of the basis
of the Jacobite movement
in a big way.
We know, eventually,
she was beheaded.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LINDAHL: And her liaison
between Queen Elizabeth
and herself before that was
a man named Robert Beale.
And this is the
same Beale family
that I suspect later is involved
with the Beale treasure.
>>REGINA: And
we're going to have
you explain that in a
moment, the Beale treasure.
>>LINDAHL: And all of the other
mysteries of North America
that all seem to reference
these man in the mountain myths,
like the Charlemagne
vault legend.
So she is instrumental in that.
And she was an object
of adoration and value
by what would later
be termed Jacobites,
because she was beheaded, almost
sacrificed for their cause.
And after this, we see a huge
political turmoil in England
where from ruler to ruler, they
would change back and forth.
You know, Catholicism is OK now.
Now it's not OK.
Now it is.
So they created the mystery
school in order to survive,
I believe.
And this led to some of
the ethos and philosophy
of the Jacobites, who
also valued Saint James
and the Camino de Santiago.
>>REGINA: That's where
we wanted to go next.
>>LINDAHL: And I believe
part of that value
comes from the
Queen Scota legend.
Because this is the
same region of Spain
where Queen Scota sited
Ireland from the tower
in Acaronia, which is
an actual tower there
that's suspected to be
a Phoenician lighthouse.
That she seeded the population
of Ireland and Scotland.
So we know this is highly
valued by Scots nobility.
Even Robert Bruce and all
of the other Scottish rulers
of his era signed
the Declaration
of Arbroath, which stated
they were all descended
of Scythian and Egyptian kings.
So they're telling you.
They aren't even--
this isn't speculation.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LINDAHL: And they
even believed this.
And I think a lot of the things
they did throughout their lives
in history reflects
that they actually
believed this to be true.
Including Mary Queen
of Scots and Marie
of Guise and everybody else.
So she became a
huge symbol to kind
of this hidden Catholic
ethic that, I believe, even
in a very major way, created
the United States of America.
>>REGINA: OK.
That's where I
wanted to go next.
Right here, there's a
comment in your book.
It said, the Americas might
have been a Jacobite plan
from the beginning.
>>LINDAHL: And you can see that
in the early colonial times.
For years, there's
been speculation
there were Jesuit and Christian
spies or interests infiltrating
Jamestown, which was
there since 1607,
about 20 years-- significantly
earlier than Plymouth Rock.
And we see that-- Captain
Gabriel Archer, was recently--
his body was dug up.
And he had a reliquary
that had bones in it.
And a few fragments
of a pewter finial
that may have
designated that he was
a standard bearer in
the Order of the Bath,
or Order of the
Garter, possibly.
So that indicates
he was Catholic.
But what's interesting
is he had one cousin that
was a priest at Santiago de
Compostela during the same era.
And another one of
his Croft relatives
headed the Jesuit College
in London at that time
under King James I,
who, after a while
became more lenient
towards the Catholics.
His mother was Mary
Queen of Scots.
Although he was raised to
be Church of England and not
Catholic.
I think it's even possible
that King James was
a Catholic sympathizer,
or possibly
even a secret Catholic,
because he seemed
to favor a lot of people who
later, it became obvious,
were Jesuit or
Catholic oriented.
And you kind of see the secret
society moving to the colonies,
even before the trend of
the Tower of the Winds
becomes popular in
England, we see the Newport
Tower and the octagonal
powder magazine
in Williamsburg being built.
That was built in 1714.
And then later, in
the mid-18th century,
we see Admiral Anson at
Shugborough Hall, Sir Francis
Dashwood in the
Hellfire Club, having
these geometric structures,
follies, on their estates.
>>REGINA: I'd like to go
see the Shugborough one.
That sounds fascinating.
>>LINDAHL: I would
like to see it too.
It would be awesome.
>>REGINA: In England.
Yes.
>>LINDAHL: The Tower of
the Winds at Shugborough,
the southern orientation points
to Avebury and Stonehenge
in a single arc, and right
through the center of them.
>>REGINA: So these arcs
are headed over to America,
and they're laying claim
to these lands as well.
>>LINDAHL: Sure.
>>REGINA: And the blood
lines seem to indicate that
there's a follow-through from--
>>LINDAHL: Previous
traditions too.
>>REGINA: From
previous traditions.
OK.
Now, let's just kind
of hopscotch back.
How to Francis Bacon and
John Dee figure into this?
>>LINDAHL: OK.
That's just from the
era before Admiral Anson
and the establishment of all
of this in the United States.
Obviously, we know
Sir Francis Bacon
invested in the Jamestown
colony and the Cupids colony
in Newfoundland.
He was also involved in
intelligence gathering.
And that's obvious.
He was with 007, John Dee.
Later, spymaster Walter
Montagu, Francis Walsingham,
the whole group of
people during that era
that you see being spies
or collecting intelligence.
John Dee traveled the courts
of Europe doing astrology
on the surface.
But I believe he was trying
to influence the Holy Roman
Emperor, for instance, by using
these concepts as some sort
of psychological operation.
>>REGINA: Do he also-- did
I understand it correctly,
he also had an understanding
of the arts of navigation--
>>LINDAHL: Certainly.
>>REGINA: --to a
very refined extent?
>>LINDAHL: He even taught
navigation to the Royal Navy.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>LINDAHL: So here's a person
that would definitely--
>>REGINA: Highly
educated and skilled.
>>LINDAHL: Yes, have
a grasp of easily how
to do something like this.
It's interesting,
because during this era,
you see the construction--
this is during Elizabeth---
of Star Castle on
the Isles of Scilly,
which is also on the
famous Michael line,
a famous lay line in England
that people talk about,
Avebury being oriented on.
I think Avebury's the axis
of-- Avebury, excuse me.
>>REGINA: "Avebry".
>>LINDAHL: I've been corrected
a lot on how I pronounce that.
But I think that's the axis of
the Michael line, personally.
Could be it points
directly to Glastonbury
and all the other sites
that are included.
So here we have Star
Castle built by Elizabeth,
essentially, and her minions.
It points directly
to the Newport Tower.
And this is getting back
to our sites of claim
and our legal
descriptions of property.
Because not only that,
on the same azimuth
is the point in Provincetown
Harbor at Cape Cod, where
the Mayflower Compact
was later signed
in this same geographic context.
Earlier, Captain Archer,
before he passed away,
and Captains
Gosnold-- and he was
dug up with the finial
of a standard bearer
as well-- visited
the same harbor
and claimed from the same point.
So what they did was
build the Newport Tower
as a physical stone
testament to it being
pointed to by Star Castle.
>>REGINA: Was it octagonal?
>>LINDAHL: Yes.
Star Castle's octagonal as well.
And that was added later.
At first, during
this time, it wasn't.
It was just some buildings.
But over time, somebody
who knew-- we often
see that, the original
point of claim
is just marked by a stone
cairn or something like that.
They collect an ephemeris
or star chart there,
do their claiming
ceremony and go.
And now they knew
how the get back,
because they have
something to compare it to.
So Star Castle may have even
been constructed and formed
the way it is specifically
just to point there.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>LINDAHL: And
record their claim
to New England, which is also
a descendant of Frederick II.
>>REGINA: OK.
I know, it's like
[MOTIONS] --this goes here.
>>LINDAHL: A lot of people
doing the claiming, yes.
And this ties, again, back
to Halifax, Nova Scotia,
and relates to the
Oak Island treasure.
>>REGINA: And that's where
we're going to go now.
And also, the temple
treasure from Jerusalem,
how that could be overlaying.
Let's talk about what the
Oak Island treasure is.
And there is conspiracy, lots
of conspiracy theory around it.
So let's talk about the Oak
Island treasure conspiracy.
>>LINDAHL: OK.
Well maybe, really, the story
that we've all been told
and we see on TV all the
time may be just there
to waylay you from the truth.
>>REGINA: So what's the
story you're speaking of?
>>LINDAHL: The standard
story is a story
of three young men seeing
strange lights on the island
and rowing out there,
and finding a depression
in the ground that had a pulley
suspended from a tree above it.
So they dug down into the pit.
And about every 10 feet, they
found layers, or platforms,
of oak and logs, and coconut
fibers, some of the sources
say.
After they got down
to 90 feet, they
found a strange inscribed stone
with a code that was encoded.
It was just symbols.
Some people decoded
this to mean there's
a treasure 40 feet below.
And others no, that
means different things.
That's one of the big points
of debate in the Oak Island
community.
So this later extends even,
and ties into, I think,
Joseph Des Barres, the
descendant of the Knights
Templar who was the
cartographer later, kind of
helped to perpetuate
this legend.
And a lot of people
speculate, of course,
that the Knights Templar
found the Ark of the Covenant
on the Temple Mount.
I've said my theory before.
But a lot of that leads people
to believe that they either
brought the Ark of the Covenant,
or that the missing Templar
fleet, after the
Templars' persecution,
escaped and took treasure
Oak Island, the treasure that
was at the commandery in Paris.
So that's a tempting
story as well.
And other people will also
relate them to pirates.
But that's how they relate
to Oak Island, I believe.
So this could be an element
of folklore, I think,
that was produced to
kind of tip people
off that somebody had claimed
something from this point.
Every other time I see this kind
of folklore-- not every time,
but many times, they'll
apply a treasure myth,
or some outrageous--
at Mount Shasta later,
we even see the
same thing happening
in modern times, where
the people living
beneath the mountain, et
cetera, that are part of that.
So I believe this
is a valued point,
because it was a point
of claim with all
of the associated spiritual
and practical overtones
that all of the
other places had.
This extends to Williamsburg,
Charleston, South Carolina.
And I believe also Frederick
II sent people and claimed
the International Peace Garden.
>>REGINA: Which we spoke
about in the last show.
>>LINDAHL: And
that's even situated
on a hill in the middle of
just nothing but flat prairie,
where it's a good
place to measure from.
It's exactly on
the 49th parallel.
And we know 4 plus 9
equals 13 on a base
interpretation of numerology.
Things like that are
present all the time.
You see you also a
lot of these axes
are often established on
even lines of latitude.
We have the Great
Pyramid almost being
precisely on the 30th,
Baalbek's on the 34th,
the Tower of the
Winds is on the 38th.
Monticello is on the 38th.
>>REGINA: 38th, right.
>>LINDAHL: Constantinople,
the royal district's right
on the 41st, and so on.
So there's one of their
calculations done right away,
because they needed some sort
of timekeeping or astronomical
observations to
determine longitude,
which is a little more
difficult to do quickly.
>>REGINA: So now, you've
written more recently
about the Oak Island treasure.
So let's take the
Oak Island treasure.
Let's explain
whatever else we need
to know about that, what
you feel the treasure is.
>>LINDAHL: OK.
>>REGINA: And the families
and ties involved.
>>LINDAHL: OK.
Well, I feel, to me, there
likely is no tangible treasure.
Some of the hints you get may
indicate something was there
and it was later moved to
the International Peace
Garden, or even
Williamsburg, because there's
a legend of Sir
Francis Bacon having
left a vault of information.
And a lot of people
speculate that there
is a vault at Oak Island
that has the same overtones.
No one's found a
vault in Virginia yet.
>>REGINA: Right.
Right.
>>LINDAHL: So no one's found
one in Nova Scotia either.
But what we do see in all
of these other schemes
and treasure legends, I
found an octagonal structure,
a tower, if it wasn't
an octagonal tower,
they would have
different structures
that referenced older
structures at this period.
Now we're up to the
18th century, the 1700s.
The young men
discovered the money pit
right at about the turn of
the century to the 1800s.
And we have Prince Edward
living in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
This is the father
of Queen Victoria.
In association, there's a
very famous cartographer
named Joseph Des Barres.
And we see cartographers
throughout this whole story.
Thomas Jefferson and, the de
Bades, James Bruce, et cetera.
So he was directly
descendant of Everard Des
Barres, the grand
commander of the Knights
Templar at one point.
And so he's buried
in the Halifax Round
Church, which is a copy of
the Temple Church in London.
And so naturally I see a
copy of the Temple Church,
I measured to see, using
an octagonal scheme,
which ways it would point.
The building itself was
oriented at 45 degrees,
an octagonal division of 360.
So it did point to
some amazing places,
including the Magdalen Islands.
It pointed to Scone, where
the Stone of Scone is from,
and the tale of how Scottish
monarchs are crowned.
And that's the Stone of Destiny.
And a lot of sources even
say that's from the temple
treasure.
So it's all temple treasure.
In a lot of these
quests, you see
nothing but questing
for the Holy Rood,
questing for the
Spear of Destiny.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LINDAHL: The Ark
of the Covenant,
or the menorah from
the temple treasure.
So there's always
an item like that
that's part of what's going on.
>>REGINA: A sacred artifact.
>>LINDAHL: Exactly.
In this case, a lot of
thing, and other authors
like Petter Amundsen
speculate that it's
the Ark of the Covenant
that was hidden there.
So the structures in
Halifax indicate this too.
Prince Edward also built what
is known of as a Martello tower,
which is a defensive structure.
But it's round and it had
even divisions of architecture
you can see from plan view.
So I decided to
measure that as well.
And this pointed to
Lalibela, Ethiopia.
>>REGINA: That's where I
was going to actually go
next in the conversation.
>>LINDAHL: And that's how
tall the famous rock hewn
church, and the
Ark of the Covenant
once rested in Lalibela.
And is supposed to still
be in Ethiopia, according
to the Old Testament.
So that's an interesting
association using
the same octagonal
division, the Martello tower
points to the Saint George
Round Church in Halifax.
So it points to the Saint
George Round Church--
>>REGINA: The Church of Halifax?
>>LINDAHL: It's the Saint
George Round Church of Halifax.
>>REGINA: OK.
And what does that have to
do with the cartographer?
>>LINDAHL: Well he was--
>>REGINA: Atlantic
Neptune, right.
>>LINDAHL: Right.
He's likely the one who
planned this entire scheme
for Prince Edward.
Because he had the
capacity to do so.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>LINDAHL: Prince Edward may
have been able to do that.
And I'm sure he was
privy to what was
going on given his background.
He's directly descendant
of Frederick II, Holy Roman
Emperor.
>>REGINA: OK, so now
we're seeing how--
>>LINDAHL: The lineage goes.
>>REGINA: --these family
trees branch out considerably.
OK.
You mentioned Ethiopia,
and I wanted to get there.
How the Coptic and Ethiopian
settlers came into play.
Also, James Bruce, who
brought back the Book of Enoch
from Africa.
>>LINDAHL: And that's going
to, believe it or not,
bring us back to Halifax again.
>>REGINA: There you go.
OK.
So I just had to
get those pieces in.
So bring us back full circle.
>>LINDAHL: Right.
Well, in Ethiopia,
in Lalibela, they
have the rock hewn churches.
And we know in Aksum is where
the real Ark of the Covenant
is said to be by the
Ethiopian Orthodox Church.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>LINDAHL: I meant to stress
too that the Martello tower that
points to the Saint
George Church in Halifax
also points to the Saint
George Church in Lalibela.
It even points to a
church with the same name.
>>REGINA: Interesting, OK.
>>LINDAHL: So what
I believe, these
are the clues being left
behind by Joseph Des Barres.
Maybe under the auspices
of Prince Edward,
who is the descendant as well.
So it's interesting that none
of those point to Oak Island.
But we do have is Des Barres'
plan, the street plans,
of several towns in Nova Scotia.
And if you go to the
nearest town to Oak Island,
it's called Lulenburg.
This is named after one of the
German titles of Prince Edward.
And that was composed of
all German settlers as well.
So that's another possible,
just hearkening us
back to Frederick and Prince
Rupert of the Rhine as well.
Because he was also a
descendant of Frederick II,
and he was the first governor of
the Hudson's Bay Company, which
is the property
that I believe was
claimed from the
International Peace Garden.
So these are some
of the rationales.
I just see all of these
places being controlled
by the descendants of Frederick,
even though they're English.
Because of the
Hanoverian-- I mean,
Prince Edward was schooled
and his primary language
was German.
George I and II both didn't
even speak English very well.
So they were Germans.
They cared for England
and represented England
as monarchs, but they still
had this heritage and tradition
involved.
And we go to the Heidelberg
estate of Prince Rupert,
and he has an octagon that
points to the International
Peace Garden.
And he was the governor of
the Hudson's Bay Company,
the first governor.
Then even later, you
see the Douglas family
take over the Hudson's Bay
Company and control it.
So.
>>REGINA: OK, let's go back
to the Coptic and Ethiopian
settlers.
>>LINDAHL: OK.
Well, that's kind of the root.
And this links us in
with Theodora again.
Even the Ethiopian
ruler refers to himself
as the keeper of the
bounds of Alexandria,
the boundaries of Alexandria.
So he's telling you
he is like the pope
of the entire Coptic church, of
the Orthodox Church in Egypt,
which is known to have some
more mystical overtones,
a little bit more Gnosticism
involved than the Orthodox
Church.
And it's interesting
too, because you even
see some of these concepts
surfacing in Rastafari.
>>REGINA: Oh, interesting.
>>LINDAHL: Yes.
Their value of
the Star of David,
and a lot of the concepts--
certain sects of Rastafari,
not all of them.
But they do reference
Haile Selassie
being descendant of King Solomon
in the story of the ark coming
to Ethiopia.
Moloch, the son of King
Solomon and the Queen of Sheba,
brought the ark to Ethiopia.
So this links back again.
We have Lord Halifax,
the namesake of Halifax,
Nova Scotia, was good
friends with a man
named James Bruce, who was
the descendant of Robert
the Bruce, the first
King of Scotland.
He is most famous
for going to Ethiopia
and bringing back ancient
copies of the Book of Enoch.
And studying in
Alexandria and finding
documents that
would become what's
known as the Pistis
Sophia later.
And this is referring to
Sophia, the niece of Theodora,
who was wearing the Coptic
tunic patches in the--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>LINDAHL: So it's all
coming full circle.
But what's amazing is James
Bruce's book about Ethiopia
was mostly composed of
letters the Lord Halifax.
>>REGINA: Well, this was
the rage in Masonic circles,
as you write about in your book.
>>LINDAHL: Sure.
>>REGINA: OK.
So let's just keep laying the
foundation so we understand.
>>LINDAHL: Right.
The Enochian thing-- they later
went to a more Solomonic kind
of-- Freemasons have
told me this even,
that earlier, that
some of the ceremony
revolved around
Enochian concepts more,
with the nine layer chamber, and
the Pillars of Boaz and Jachin,
and things like that.
But later went to a more
Solomonic representation
that valued the Ark
of the Covenant.
So this could even tie to
Oak Island with the pit,
with the chambers.
It's just like the Book
of Enoch in metaphor
that we're seeing
in a lot of ways.
And this is one of the things--
>>REGINA: So who did he bring
these back-- who would have
been his compadres of the day.
>>LINDAHL: James Bruce?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LINDAHL: Well, he gave one of
the copies to Louis the 16th.
So that will tell you
something right there.
There's the value of Mary
Queen of Scots, because
of her French connections
and French education
and French mother.
And you always see through
history a huge connection
between Scotland and France.
There's even the Fleur de
lis on the Scottish arms
and everything.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LINDAHL: So the James Douglas,
even, the Black Douglas,
was educated in France just
like Sir Francis Bacon was.
So there's always the
French connection,
so to speak, in all of
this, even in Scotland,
where a lot of people wouldn't
think that would be true.
>>REGINA: So can we hop
this over to the Americas,
and who would have been the
primary people of interest
having to do with Oak Island,
and then moving further south?
>>LINDAHL: Right.
Well, we have Lord
Halifax, whose real name
is Lord Montagu-Dunk.
And he only accepted
the Dunk part
because his wife's
father demanded
that he put the hyphen
there and add that name.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>LINDAHL: Otherwise his
name would have been Montagu.
And they have a
very interesting--
another Frederick II story.
At his wedding to
Eleanor, at the time,
the grand commanders
of the Knights
of Malta and the Knights Templar
were both named Pedro Montagu.
They both had the same name.
>>REGINA: Interesting, yeah.
>>LINDAHL: They both
refused to be seen together
at Frederick II's wedding.
>>REGINA: Uh-huh.
Go figure.
>>LINDAHL: Are they
the same person or not?
>>REGINA: Are they the
same person, right.
>>LINDAHL: But could be.
That would be a scam,
or royal scam, big time
there if that were true.
But that's the degree
of family we're
talking about with Lord Halifax.
So the fact that
he was associated
with Bruce and these
Enochian concepts,
and was even a sponsor
of James Bruce.
And one interesting story
about James Bruce, in Ethiopia,
he examined the
Kebra Nagast, which
is the Ethiopian Book of Kings.
And he found a King born
97 years before Christ
with the name Bruce.
Spelled in the Scots
way even, Brus.
So here's the
Declaration of Arbroath
becoming real to James
Bruce in may ways.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LINDAHL: My brother's named
Bruce, so I call him that too.
But it's interesting.
And all the connections always
go back to Frederick II.
There is some lineage between
Montagu, for instance,
with these two grand
commanders that go to that.
You go south to Williamsburg,
and the Montagu family
was among the first
families of Virginia.
They're another one of
these factions of families
that are considered to
be clandestine Catholics,
because at first,
Catholics weren't
allowed to go to Virginia.
But later, they
came to dominate it
under what's known as Cavalier
culture of Charles I and II.
And that's when
Captain Archer and all
of the legend of
Bacon's vault develops
during this time, which is
based on Nathaniel Bacon leading
the revolution or a
revolt against what
would be considered
the newer, more
Catholic oriented settlers.
That's my interpretation.
That's not the historical
interpretation.
There's other
reasons, but to me,
if you look at the people
on either side, that's
kind of-- you almost have
Rosicrucians fighting
against people they knew who
were related to the Jesuits
and Catholic interests.
And so past that
point, the legend
develops where he deposited a
vault of Sir Francis Bacon's
papers under the
church in Jamestown.
And so the first churches where
Gabriel Archer was buried,
and the reliquary was
even dug up recently.
And one of the locations
where Bacon's was supposed
to be, this was dug up.
So it would be really
interesting to know
if we could somehow
find out whose
bones were in that reliquary.
>>REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
>>LINDAHL: Because I
would like to think
it was Saint James, because his
cousin was a priest in Santiago
de Compostela.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes.
>>LINDAHL: That's and outrageous
view, but it could be true.
But it would be interesting
to see what that means.
And even currently,
this summer, they're
going to dig up the
second church that
was built in 1617,
which the vault-- it's
another potential vault location
that archeologists at Jamestown
are actually going to excavate
the interior of the church.
>>REGINA: OK.
In Jamestown?
>>LINDAHL: This summer.
Yes.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
Well, we'll have to
check in with you
after all these things
happen, because I know
you're writing another book.
>>LINDAHL: They may be even
reacting to the legends.
So everywhere lately
they've been digging,
they've been looking
at places that
even have all the folklore of
Bacon's vault, which is later.
Again, here's even
another story.
It was moved to
the Bruton Parish
Church in the colonial
array there, right
near the powder magazine.
>>REGINA: Tell us about
the powder magazine.
>>LINDAHL: Certainly.
In Williamsburg, you have
the first linear park
in North America.
Just like the National Mall--
>>REGINA: National Mall in DC.
>>LINDAHL: --or the
International Peace Garden
later.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>LINDAHL: And the Wren
Building of William and Mary
comprises the western
end of it, which
is one of the oldest college
buildings in the United States.
>>REGINA: Yes, beautiful.
>>LINDAHL: And then the
Bruton Parish Church
is part of the alignment.
The octagonal powder magazine,
the colonial governor's
mansion, and the
colonial capitol,
the House of Burgesses.
So this is the archetype of
almost every state capitol
that we see today.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>LINDAHL: And it
also repeats again.
The octagon's there,
the linear array.
I mean this is a copy of what's
at Stirling Castle, what they
did in Williamsburg, basically.
They have the Kings
Knot at Stirling.
Other architecture
that relates to a hint
that they're telling
you some mystery there.
Bacon's vault is so
interesting, because it even
involves Manly Hall.
>>REGINA: Manly P.-- OK, how?
And we haven't even gotten
to some of the big boys, some
of the founding fathers yet.
>>LINDAHL: Well, we
can come back to them.
>>REGINA: We will, but
let's talk about how
Manly P. Hall is involved.
>>LINDAHL: Well,
his wife supposed
that-- the legend of the
vault's always been there,
but she supposed that it was
actually at the Bruton Parish
Church based on designs
in a book of emblems
that were very popular.
And she supposed that
Sir Francis Bacon
had produced this book.
And so there's designs
on the headstones there
that tell the story of
the Ark of the Covenant
when compared to this book.
Because the book also includes
poetry with each design.
And as I looked into
that, I was amazed
to find the remains of Truxton
Beale interred in the Bruton
Parish churchyard.
And he was from the
early 20th century
and was born in San Francisco.
So he's telling you
something there.
He's directly descendant of
Thomas Beale on the brass
plaque inside the church, who
was the first Sheriff of York
County.
This is the origins and
genesis of the Beale treasure
legend using the same
template that they
knew from the Legend
of Bacon's Vault
in this array of architecture
that was in Williamsburg.
And of course, the
powder magazine
has pointing attributes.
And it points to the
International Peace Garden
to a masonic compass
and square shaped
building that points back.
Just like the Vatican
and the Dome of the Rock.
These two structures
were oriented
to point to each other.
>>REGINA: Each other, yes.
>>LINDAHL: So they're
telling you clues there too.
So it is confusing,
but what I'm telling
you is all of these
treasure myths
are just the same template.
And there's probably
not a real treasure.
>>REGINA: And they're
pointing to each other.
And I want to go to the
larger, overarching story.
But first, let's get
to Thomas Jefferson
and how he factors in.
Also, Benjamin Franklin.
>>LINDAHL: OK.
Well, I believe Thomas
Jefferson was initiated
into this knowledge because he
possessed the correct family
lineage.
I found he was related
to the people who
likely built the Newport
Tower, the Easton family.
And this is evidenced later.
You can see right in
genealogy that this
is part of his mother's family.
But then he named one of
his Hemings sons Eston,
after the de Eston family,
where the name Easton came from.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>LINDAHL: And those were
two of the first governors
of Rhode Island that hired a
windmill maker named Stafford
that worked for them.
And if you go to
Western Massachusetts,
there's a reproduction of
the Newport Tower dedicated
to Thomas Stafford.
>>REGINA: And Stafford is
where the other artifact is,
the Shuborough--
>>LINDAHL: The Shugborough Hall.
>>REGINA: Shugborough
Hall, yes, is in Stafford.
>>LINDAHL: And all the names.
No, that's the way they do it.
>>REGINA: I know, but this
is-- that's why my mind was
just so overwhelmed
researching this, trying
to see how these all connected.
Not as orderly as a spider web.
>>LINDAHL: An
erratic spider web.
But to me, the fact that the
reproduction of the Newport
Tower was named after the
same man who built windmills
in Newport, Rhode Island during
the era when it was supposed
to have been built. I
mean, standard history
tells us Benedict Arnold
Senior built the Newport Tower.
And all of this supposition
about Vikings or earlier people
may relate to what
I was saying before,
the fact that this may
have been a point of claim
from Frederick II,
whose men probably just
left a Cairn of stones
there that were later used
to partially build the tower.
That it was a memorial to this
claiming that it happened.
And that's part of this
that confuses everybody,
because they all say, no,
they built that later.
That can't mean that.
But I'm like, their
descendants built it.
You can see the same people.
So it infers that.
>>REGINA: So even if we can't
remember the names, the dates,
and the locations, we
get the general picture
of the bloodlines.
>>LINDAHL: Right.
So Thomas Jefferson took
this tradition, or somebody
recognized this in
him and initiated him
into the mysteries of
the powder magazine.
This is my theory.
So eventually, of
course, he goes on
to build three other
octagonal structures--
Poplar Forest, Monticello,
and the Barboursville Mansion.
And the Barboursville
Mansion is so interesting,
because it points
to Avebury Circle
and the hexagon of Baalbek
in one arc on the globe.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>LINDAHL: And
this is a structure
that he designed for
his friend Barbour, who
was the governor of Virginia.
And it's in ruins now,
but the octagonal portion
is still there.
And you can see Monticello
and both Poplar Forest point
very close to it.
So he even aligned the octagons
that he built, I believe,
roughly.
Even James Madison's
Montpelier points to Monticello
if you draw an arc.
So there was even an
octagon recently found
at Montpelier, which
is, of course--
>>REGINA: Another initiate.
>>LINDAHL: --named for the
capital of the Languedoc--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LINDAHL: --Montpellier.
>>REGINA: OK.
And so the Ansons,
Admiral Anson--
>>LINDAHL: Right.
>>REGINA: OK, that's, again,
the Shugborough follies
in Stafford, England.
How is he related then to
Charleston, South Carolina?
How does that play together?
>>LINDAHL: OK.
Well, Admiral Anson
was an amazing person.
Another one of these people
that you never hear of.
He was the third Englishman
to circumnavigate.
In so doing, he lost
five ships and 700 men.
He managed to attack and capture
the Manila treasure galleon
from the Spanish and
returned to England,
after circling the world, a
hero, and now very wealthy.
And he was awarded High
Admiral eventually.
And he built the follies
at Shugborough hall.
He changed the design
of the building
to a popular palladium
form of architecture
that Thomas Jefferson
also later used.
He built the Tower of the Winds
and the Shepherd's Monument.
Incidentally, the
Shepherd's Monument
points to the International
Peace Garden--
>>REGINA: OK.
Again, here we go.
>>LINDAHL: --and Anson's
grave in the other direction.
So there's our
funerary overlay that
is one of the factors involved.
>>REGINA: And how does he
fit in with Charleston?
>>LINDAHL: Well, he
used to live there.
Earlier in his career
when he was a captain,
he was stationed in
Charleston, South Carolina.
>>REGINA: And what are the
kind of mystical properties
present in Charleston?
>>LINDAHL: Well,
they have-- my friend
John Kerr wrote a book about
the star map of Charleston.
And he sees an
Orion pattern there
like Gary David talks
about a lot as well.
But what I saw there were a part
of town was named after Admiral
Anson, called Ansonborough,
that he won in a card
game, which is a funny story.
Because supposedly, he played
cards in the Tower of the Winds
at his estate.
That's what he built it for.
>>REGINA: Maybe it
brought him good luck.
>>LINDAHL: Exactly.
So it's funny that part of
Charleston is named for him,
but really, the big
connection in Charleston
are the Montagus again.
You have another Montagu who
was the last English governor
before the Revolution.
And then a direct
relationship of him
named Drayton was the
first American governor.
And the Draytons are
from the de Vere family.
And they are de Veres.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LINDAHL: The de
Veer estate in England
is called Drayton House.
So when they came to
America, they just
adopted the name
Drayton as that.
And they built Drayton
Hall in Charleston.
And Drayton Hall points to
Oak Island, Nova Scotia.
So later in
Charleston, they built
an octagonal City Plaza
called Washington Square that
points to Oak Island.
>>REGINA: All right.
All right.
>>LINDAHL: And it also
points-- we may see this later
if we get to it-- in
my hometown of Chico,
the City Plaza points to
a Cistercian monastery.
The City Plaza in
Charleston also
points to a
Cistercian monastery.
And we all know that the
Knights Templar sprang
from the Cistercian order.
So at least in name and--
>>REGINA: But who would have
thought Chico, California?
>>LINDAHL: Right.
Well, the Hearst
family and the legacy
of what's going on there kind
of solidify the talismanic value
of what's going on there.
But we'll get to
that if we have time.
>>REGINA: OK.
All right.
I mean, there's so much more
to cover and so little time.
I'm going to go
past some of this.
I want to-- because
one of the areas that
intrigued me was the
connection between the Dome
of the Rock, Coral Castle,
and the Georgia Guidestones.
Now, our viewers certainly
know about these areas.
How do they relate
to one another?
>>LINDAHL: OK.
Well, earlier I discussed
how the Dome of the Rock
points to the Solomon Islands.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LINDAHL: And it may have even
been named that way because--
>>REGINA: Yes, King Solomon.
>>LINDAHL: --I saw of claim
by the Portuguese and Spanish
pilots that they
would try to align it
with the Dome of the
Rock, the Vatican,
and in one case, even
Baalbek, I believe,
because they couldn't access
an azimuth from either one
of the other ones.
So the sites of claim in the
Philippines match this theory.
The one in the Solomon
Islands does also.
But this brings
us to Mexico now.
The Dome of the Rock
points to the Vatican.
And the Vatican points back.
But in the complete opposite
direction from the Vatican,
we'll follow this
arc on the globe
out that goes to Southern
Florida to a place called
Coral Castle.
And now when I found this,
what is the connection here?
>>REGINA: One of the
great mysteries, yes.
>>LINDAHL: What's going on?
And that's a mystery place
of its own to start with.
And it has all of
the millennial values
that all these other places do.
It gives you a way to sight
the Pole Star, the equinoxes,
and other celestial events.
So that's interesting that he
had that included there too.
But I found if I extended
this-- so at this point,
we have the Dome of the Rock and
the Vatican pointing to Coral
Castle all in one line.
It's not even both of
them pointing separately.
It's all one points to
the other and so on.
So if I extended this
azimuth or arc on the globe,
it reaches Cozumel Island
at the point where Mexico
was claimed by the Spanish.
So it fits the whole pattern
of the legal description
of property.
And also the manipulation
and use of this,
like in an intelligence
gathering capacity,
or framework, as part of it.
As a framework for
mythology and folklore
that can be used to influence
people to some degree.
And some of it's their
beliefs, but some of it
can be spun into control, if you
can get other people to believe
in what you're doing.
Just the fact that other people
believe that this was the way
to claim property right
there is an acknowledgement
of what they're doing.
So it's really interesting
when you look at it that way.
>>REGINA: How'd the Georgia
Guidestones play in?
>>LINDAHL: Well, I
feel like they're
connected to Thomas Jefferson.
>>REGINA: OK, explain that.
You and I were
both-- I was a freak
for Thomas Jefferson in my 20s.
Read everything I
could on the man.
I think I was in love
with this person.
But you were having
the same experience.
You couldn't get enough
of Thomas Jefferson.
So when you say this, you've
studied his life a great deal,
how is he connected with
the Georgia Guidestones?
I've never heard this.
>>LINDAHL: Well, if you examine
the, quote, commandments
that are on the
Georgia Guidestones,
they have a lot of
Jeffersonian overtones.
The way he practically
looked at things.
Even though it scares
people about the population
control issue.
>>REGINA: I know.
We have to calm down,
though, about that.
There are so many different ways
that it needs to be looked at.
>>LINDAHL: I agree.
I think it's been taken
by conservative people
and twisted out
of what it meant,
what it was meant to mean.
>>REGINA: I agree with that.
It can be many things.
And some of the tenets you
look at outside of that one,
you say, well of course,
that makes sense.
It's a cleaner way to live.
But go ahead.
>>LINDAHL: Well, the
story, or mystery,
of the Georgia Guidestones is--
>>REGINA: They're
so controversial.
>>LINDAHL: --nobody
knows who built them
or who financed their building.
Now, we know that the granite
company in Elberton, Georgia,
were the ones who fabricated
them and directed them
on the spot.
Again, the Georgia
Guidestones gives you
a way to cite the
Pole Star and figure
the time of day using the
aperture in the roof when
the sun shines through
at noon on the equinox.
So it's just like Coral
Castle in a lot of ways.
So I looked into this.
And at first, I
found that Monticello
pointed to Elberton, not to
the Georgia Guidestones, which
are about 11 miles
north of Elberton.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>LINDAHL: But I
found that it pointed
right to the largest
freestanding granite obelisk
in existence.
And right in front of the
Elberton granite company
that built the
Georgia Guidestones.
And a part of the lore of
the Georgia Guidestones
involves RC
Christian having been
the person, or his pseudonym,
that paid for these.
And if you look at some of
the information about him,
a couple of the
people believe he was
from North Dakota or Minnesota.
And this is the region
of the Kensington
Runestone and the
International Peace Garden,
and things like that.
And the International
Peace Garden
points very close to
the Georgia Guidestones,
but not directly to it.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>LINDAHL: And we'll
see that later.
The International
Peace Garden points
to these places of
lore, other places
where there's Ark
of Covenant legends,
and the Spear of Destiny,
and things like that.
>>REGINA: Well,
things which-- we're
almost out of time-- we won't
even touch on until next time.
Because I know you have
another book coming out.
But again, the
overarching story,
it has to do with what you refer
to as the sons of Heliopolis.
>>LINDAHL: Yes.
>>REGINA: Let's talk
about the sons of-- I
mean, I have some other
perceptions similar to this.
>>LINDAHL: Well, I'd like to
thank Jay Widener for exposing
me to the great
Cross of Hendaye,
or I never would have really
looked into it any further.
And I found as I
read Fulcanelli,
the Mystery of the Cathedrals,
that to me, as a navigator,
it spoke to me, telling you
of the value of the Pole Star.
And in veiled
metaphors, that this is
what you were supposed to do.
All the structures discussed
in Mystery of the Cathedrals
have pointing attributes, like
Amiens Cathedral and the Palace
of Jacques-Couer has a
hexagonal tower that points
to Santiago de Compostela.
Well, the entire
building's festooned
with imagery of St. James
and the Camino de Santiago.
So that's a good way they show
their talismans by doing that.
>>REGINA: There's some kind
of ancient society of belief
that bridges all of this.
>>LINDAHL: Yeah.
Thomas Jefferson, I think,
was part of this group.
>>REGINA: I think so.
>>LINDAHL: At least a
later manifestation of it.
Because Antoine de
Bade was directly
associated with the Cassini
family who ran the Paris
Observatory for generations.
Two of them were even born
there, right on the Paris
meridian, things like that.
He was directly associated
with Francoise Arago,
who placed the brass medallions
on the Rose line in Paris.
Thomas Jefferson was
directly associated
with the Cassinis and other
directors of the Paris
Observatory.
And I even have correspondence
between Jefferson and Dominique
Cassini where Jefferson
is quizzing him on how
to establish a prime meridian.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LINDAHL: So there's
lots of evidence--
>>REGINA: And he
is certainly noted
as one of the premier, maybe
the most often quoted founding
father of this country.
>>LINDAHL: I agree.
And he obviously spent two
different long periods of time
in France, where he would
associate with this--
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>LINDAHL: --during this same
period as most of these people.
The de Bades were
a little later,
but they associated
with all the people
that Thomas Jefferson had
associated with before.
>>REGINA: And people
are going to have
to look-- they're going
to have to buy your book,
because as you said, it took
you eight years to research it.
I would say, fairly, it
would take eight years
to read it if
you're to reference
each thing, in that it
can take you on such
a complex but amazing journey.
I know for me, I had a
number of epiphanies,
even on a very personal level
with certain-- our family's
from the Stuart bloodline.
And in addition,
the entry to my home
is an octagon that
was-- it's very special.
It's a little temple.
And it goes on and on and on.
>>LINDAHL: It's your own axis.
>>REGINA: It's my own axis.
Yes.
Who knows what it points to.
I'll have to check that out.
But it just starts bringing
up in each one of us
maybe a part of the tapestry
that our own families
or beliefs or places
we've visited tap into.
>>LINDAHL: That's
entirely possible.
I've been forced to
grapple with that one
by examining my own genealogy.
And I'm such a stoic--
>>REGINA: Scientist.
>>LINDAHL: -denier.
>>REGINA: You're a scientist.
And I go into reincarnation
like that, looking at bloodlines
and who may have occupied
these bodies that
are throughout history.
And what knowledge
they bring forward.
And so if you put your lovely
scientific background together
with maybe a little
intelligent esoterica,
we can see an amazing portrait
emerge out of this book.
I just want to
thank you so much.
>>LINDAHL: Thank you.
>>REGINA: We'll talk again
when the next one comes out.
>>LINDAHL: Fantastic.
I've enjoyed it.
Appreciate it.
>>REGINA: I hope you've
enjoyed this journey with Cort.
It certainly gives
new possibility
to the bloodline ties
of our planet's history
and the revered
philosophies and sciences.
To go much deeper, you can
purchase a copy of The Sacred
Towers of the Axis Mundi.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[MUSIC PLAYING]